README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/blob/master/resources/github-logo.svg" alt="NOVA" width="300">

**NOVA** is a customizable personal assistant made with Node.js.<br>
<br>

```diff
! This project has performance problems !
! It's working well on a computer, but badly on a Raspberry !
! I suspect that using a chromium-based browser is the cause !
! i'm working on a similar project in Python, it's seems to be more efficient !
```

[NOVA's GitHub project in python](https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/Nova-python)<br/><br/><br/>
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/704685696513736765?label=Discord&style=flat&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/pkWbhDn)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FHeyHeyChicken%2FNOVA.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FHeyHeyChicken%2FNOVA?ref=badge_shield)

</div>
<div align="center">
<img width="820px" src="https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/blob/master/resources/screenshot.jpg">
<img width="410px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA-Server/master/.github/screenshot.jpg">
<img width="410px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA-Client/master/.github/screenshot.jpg">
</div>

<br>

## 👋 Introduction

**NOVA** is an open-source personal assistant that you can host on your server.<br/>
You can communicate with it orally or in writing, most of his skills are designed to work offline to protect your privacy.

## ☁️ Try with a Single-Click

Gitpod will automatically setup an environment and run an instance for you.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA)

❗ The server and client pages will not open automatically, click the " <img width="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/GitPodPortIcon.png" /> Remote Explorer " button (on the left side panel), then the " <img width="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/GitPodOpenBrowserIcon.png" /> Open Browser " button for ports "8080" and "8083".

## 🔧 Prerequisites

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/nodeJSLogo.png" width="18" /> Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)<br/>
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/npmLogo.png" width="18" /> npm](https://npmjs.com/)<br/>
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/gitLogo.png" width="18" /> Git](https://git-scm.com/)<br/>

## ⬇️ Installation

1. Clone it directly from GitHub.

```
git clone https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA.git
```

2. Install packages

```
cd NOVA
```

```
npm install
```

## 🚀 Usage

1. Launch this command.

```
node index.js
```

2. If you start the launcher for the first time, it will ask you if you want to launch a client or/and a server.<br/>
   If you need to change it in the future, you'll have to edit the "/settings.json".

If you want more detailed explanations, you will find them on the [Wiki](//github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/wiki).

## 💼 Features

When you install NOVA, no features are installed. You need to add them.<br/>

1. Go to your NOVA's server UI (the default URL is "http://localhost:8080/")
2. Go to the "Skills" tab.
3. Find skills you want, open the modal and click on the "Install" button.<br/>
   The server and clients will restarts, and the skill will be installed.

## 🫵 Support and contribution

I provide support for all users through [GitHub issues](//github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/issues).

If you would like to contribute to this project, make sure you first read the [guide for contributors](//github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## ⭐ Stars

Thank you to everyone who has and who will starred this project.
[![Stargazers repo roster for @HeyHeyChicken/NOVA](https://reporoster.com/stars/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA)](https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/stargazers)

## 💻 Compatibility

NOVA has only been officially tested on Mac, Linux and Raspberry Pi 4.

## 📦 A great case

Hey, I made a case for my NOVA hosted in a Raspberry PI 4.<br/>
You can find the SketchUp plan in NOVA/resources/NOVA_SketchUp_Case.skp.<br/><br/>
<img height="200px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/NOVA_SketchUp_Case.gif">
<img height="200px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/NOVA_Case_Without.jpeg">
<img height="200px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/NOVA_Case.jpeg">

<br>
<br>

Created by [Antoine Duval (HeyHeyChicken)](//antoine.cuffel.fr) with ❤ and ☕ (chocolate) in [Mesnil-Panneville](//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesnil-Panneville).

Commit message:

added open with codeanywhere badge to README file
Signed-off-by: mojafa <jmohsa@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/blob/master/resources/github-logo.svg" alt="NOVA" width="300">

**NOVA** is a customizable personal assistant made with Node.js.<br>
<br>

```diff
! This project has performance problems !
! It's working well on a computer, but badly on a Raspberry !
! I suspect that using a chromium-based browser is the cause !
! i'm working on a similar project in Python, it's seems to be more efficient !
```

[NOVA's GitHub project in python](https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/Nova-python)<br/><br/><br/>
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/704685696513736765?label=Discord&style=flat&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/pkWbhDn)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FHeyHeyChicken%2FNOVA.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FHeyHeyChicken%2FNOVA?ref=badge_shield)

</div>
<div align="center">
<img width="820px" src="https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/blob/master/resources/screenshot.jpg">
<img width="410px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA-Server/master/.github/screenshot.jpg">
<img width="410px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA-Client/master/.github/screenshot.jpg">
</div>

<br>

## 👋 Introduction

**NOVA** is an open-source personal assistant that you can host on your server.<br/>
You can communicate with it orally or in writing, most of his skills are designed to work offline to protect your privacy.

## ☁️ Try with a Single-Click

Gitpod or Codeanywhere will automatically setup an environment and run an instance for you.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA)

[![Open in Codeanywhere](https://codeanywhere.com/img/open-in-codeanywhere-btn.svg)](https://app.codeanywhere.com/#https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA)

❗ The server and client pages will not open automatically, click the " <img width="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/GitPodPortIcon.png" /> Remote Explorer " button (on the left side panel), then the " <img width="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/GitPodOpenBrowserIcon.png" /> Open Browser " button for ports "8080" and "8083".

## 🔧 Prerequisites

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/nodeJSLogo.png" width="18" /> Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)<br/>
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/npmLogo.png" width="18" /> npm](https://npmjs.com/)<br/>
[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/gitLogo.png" width="18" /> Git](https://git-scm.com/)<br/>

## ⬇️ Installation

1. Clone it directly from GitHub.

```
git clone https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA.git
```

2. Install packages

```
cd NOVA
```

```
npm install
```

## 🚀 Usage

1. Launch this command.

```
node index.js
```

2. If you start the launcher for the first time, it will ask you if you want to launch a client or/and a server.<br/>
   If you need to change it in the future, you'll have to edit the "/settings.json".

If you want more detailed explanations, you will find them on the [Wiki](//github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/wiki).

## 💼 Features

When you install NOVA, no features are installed. You need to add them.<br/>

1. Go to your NOVA's server UI (the default URL is "http://localhost:8080/")
2. Go to the "Skills" tab.
3. Find skills you want, open the modal and click on the "Install" button.<br/>
   The server and clients will restarts, and the skill will be installed.

## 🫵 Support and contribution

I provide support for all users through [GitHub issues](//github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/issues).

If you would like to contribute to this project, make sure you first read the [guide for contributors](//github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## ⭐ Stars

Thank you to everyone who has and who will starred this project.
[![Stargazers repo roster for @HeyHeyChicken/NOVA](https://reporoster.com/stars/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA)](https://github.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/stargazers)

## 💻 Compatibility

NOVA has only been officially tested on Mac, Linux and Raspberry Pi 4.

## 📦 A great case

Hey, I made a case for my NOVA hosted in a Raspberry PI 4.<br/>
You can find the SketchUp plan in NOVA/resources/NOVA_SketchUp_Case.skp.<br/><br/>
<img height="200px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/NOVA_SketchUp_Case.gif">
<img height="200px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/NOVA_Case_Without.jpeg">
<img height="200px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HeyHeyChicken/NOVA/master/resources/NOVA_Case.jpeg">

<br>
<br>

Created by [Antoine Duval (HeyHeyChicken)](//antoine.cuffel.fr) with ❤ and ☕ (chocolate) in [Mesnil-Panneville](//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesnil-Panneville).
